# UI Monorepo

A comprehensive collection of UI components and utilities for blockchain applications by Hemi Labs.

## 📦 Projects

This monorepo uses npm workspaces, and contains the following projects:

- **packages/\***: Contains a comprehensive list of reusable packages.
  - **packages/btc-wallet**: Components for Bitcoin wallet integration (Currently, only Unisat is supported).
  - **packages/genesis-drop-actions**: Package that contains functions needed for the TGE event.
  - **packages/hemi-btc-staking-actions**: Package that contains viem actions for Bitcoin staking on Hemi.
  - **packages/hemi-earn-actions**: Package that contains viem actions for Hemi Earn ERC-4626 vaults.
  - **packages/hemi-tunnel-actions**: Package that contains viem actions to use the Hemi tunnel.
  - **packages/hemi-viem-stake-actions**: Package that contains viem actions to use the Hemi Stake.
  - **packages/merkl-claim-rewards**: Package that contains actions to integrate with Merkl functionality.
  - **packages/to-promise-event**: Package that provides an utility to allow async functions to export a promise and an event emitter.
  - **packages/vault-strategies**: Package that contains viem actions for interacting with ERC-4626 vault strategies.
  - **packages/ve-hemi-actions**: Package that contains functions needed to interact with the staking contract veHEMI.
  - **packages/ve-hemi-rewards**: Package that contains functions needed to interact with the veHEMI rewards system.
- **portal**: Portal webapp living at [https://app.hemi.xyz](https://app.hemi.xyz).
- **portal-backend**: Various APIs and cron jobs the Portal uses.
- **subgraph-api**: API for querying hemi subgraphs needed for the portal.
- **subgraphs/\***: The different subgraphs needed for the portal, such as tunneling operations.

## Setup

To setup the repository, run the following command in the root of the repo:

```sh
npm install
```

This will setup all dependencies in all the workspaces. Check each workspace's README.md for further installation steps if needed.

## Deployment

Deploys to staging are triggered when merging changes to the `main` branch.

Deploys to production are triggered when a [release](https://github.com/hemilabs/ui-monorepo/releases/new) is created.
The suggested format for the tags is `YYYYMMDD_seq`.
The release notes could be auto-generated by GitHub after selecting the tag.

Tags applied with the following command will show in its message the list of all the PRs merged since the last tag:

```sh
git tag -s YYYYMMDD_seq -m "Deploy $(date -I)" -m "$(git log $(git describe --abbrev=0 --tags)..HEAD --oneline | grep Merge)"
```

## MCP servers

This is the list of MCP servers that can be connected to. Use the listed guidelines to enable the connection of VS code to them

Note: Some guidelines may use settings customization, but VS code has standardize them into using mcp.json. Further info [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/copilot/chat/mcp-servers)

- [Figma](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/32132100833559-Guide-to-the-Dev-Mode-MCP-Server)

## Docker images

To locally check a Docker image for vulnerabilities, i.e. `portal-backend/api`, run the following commands:

```sh
docker build --tag temp-image:local portal-backend/api
docker scout cves --exit-code --only-severity critical,high --vex-author ".*" --vex-location . temp-image:local
```

In the case some vulnerabilities must be ignored, update `vex.json` by adding a new statement and update the file global timestamp too.
Following is an example of a statement to ignore a vulnerability in `glob` that originates in the installed NPM global package:

```json
{
  "@context": "https://openvex.dev/ns/v0.2.0",
  "author": "Your Name <your-email@hemi.xyz>",
  "statements": [
    {
      "vulnerability": {
        "name": "CVE-2025-64756"
      },
      "products": [
        { "@id": "pkg:npm/glob@10.4.5" },
        { "@id": "pkg:npm/glob@11.0.3" }
      ],
      "status": "not_affected",
      "justification": "vulnerable_code_not_in_execute_path"
    }
  ],
  "timestamp": "2026-03-24T00:00:00Z",
  "version": 1
}
```
